All right.
So in the last video we set up our file structure for our little Web site here.
And we created the nav bar and also styled it.
So we have this now bar at the top.
The next thing you want to do is the showcase area which is this right here this background image.
This tax this button here.
So that's what we're going to move on to.
So within the header case we have our header tag.
We have the NAV and then under the NAV is where we want to put our showcase.
So I'm just going to use a div here and I'm going to give it an idea of showcase.
And inside here we're gonna want another container.
So let me explain why we need this.
If I stretch to so if we don't put a container our content is going to go all the way over here just
like you saw at the now bar in the last video so we don't want the container around the showcase because
then that the image would be constricted.
All right.
So we want the showcase to go all the way out but we want the content inside to be within a container.
So let's go ahead and add a class of container here and then all of this stuff the heading button paragraph.
I'm going to put that inside of a class called let's call it showcase dash content.
That's what it is.
It's the content within the showcase.
So inside here we have an H1 that says enjoy your stay.
And then underneath that we have a paragraph which I think it's 15.
I'm just going to do Lorem 15 enter and then underneath that we have a link.
And this is actually going to go to the about page.
So about Dot H Timo and for the text will say about our hotel.
OK.
So if we take a look should look like this now there's a couple of things that I left out here that
we need to add one if you notice the enjoys it is a different color.
So the way it is now there is there's no way for us to actually target that right.
This just this one word of course we could we could make the H One all that color but I just want that
one word.
So what I'll do is surround that in a span and I'm going to give it a class of text dash primary just
the enjoy.
So this ending span we want to cut that and we want to put that right after enjoy like that.
And then this text primary we'll style it to just have this color and we can put that wherever we want.
You can see down here the history also has that color so we can use that same class down there.
Another thing I want to do is add a class to the paragraph and call it lead because it's bigger than
the rest of the text.
So it'll be it'll be just a larger font size and then the link obviously the link is is formatted like
a button.
So let's give this a class as well of B10 and that should do it as far as each team.
So let's save that and let's go to our CSX.
So let's go down below the nav bar and let's add our styles for the showcase.
So of course we want to style the actual showcase which has an I.D. of showcase I believe right.
Yep right here.
And that's what we want to add the background image to.
So remember background or background image and we want to use U.R.L..
And then the image is located in.
If we look at our file structure it's located in this AMG folder.
Now since we're inside of the CSX folder right were in the style sheet that's inside of the CSX folder
we can't do dot slash AMG slash and then the name.
We have to do dot dot slash because we need to go outside of the CSX.
So the trip the double dot means that we're going outside of the current file and then we want to go
into the image folder and then we want to choose the showcase dot j peg OK a single dot would mean we're
looking in the current for the current folder double is going to mean we want to go outside of the current
folder and then we're just going to add no repeat let's do no repeat.
And then let's do center center.
So this is the the background position and then we wanted to cover the whole thing as well.
So let's save that.
OK.
Now obviously we want the showcase to be we want a bigger height than this.
So I'm gonna set the height to 600 pixels and save good.
So now you can see that it's the same height.
And the reason that when I click over you see how the links move over and stuff that's because of the
scroll bar right here there's no scroll bar here because there's no corn.
It doesn't go down far enough yet.
All right.
So now we want to target the showcase content.
So I'm going to say I.D. showcase and we have a class of showcase dash content.
And first of all I want all the color.
Anything that's inside of there I want to be white except for the link.
The link will have to actually add the color ourselves for that.
And then we want to align everything to the center.
So we want to do text align center.
So if I do that everything gets aligned to the center and let's push everything down.
So I'm going to do a padding top of one hundred and seventy pixels and that pushes everything down.
All right.
Now let's let's work on the H one.
So we'll do a showcase
showcase content and then we want to target the H1.
And I want that to be bigger.
So I'm going to say font size and let's set it to we'll do 60 pixels.
OK.
So save that.
So that's much bigger.
Let's do a line height of say one point two m and then let's do padding.
Actually we don't need to do that because we already have the padding bottom on all of the on H1 H2
to an H.
So we don't need to add that here.
All right.
Now that's the H one.
Let's let's add the Texas primary class.
So remember we added the class of Texas primary.
Now we don't want to put like h 1 Texas primary because I want to be able to use this class absolutely
anywhere.
So it's more of a utility class.
So I'm going to put that up here right under container.
All right.
So Texas primary we're gonna use color and let's see the color that we want is hexadecimal.
It's gonna be F seven C zero eight A OK so same as as the Harvard link right here.
So if I save that now only that word enjoy has that color.
Let's go back down to showcase and finish that up.
So we have the H one.
Now the power graph here.
We want the font size to be larger but remember it has a class of lead.
So actually let's add that up top as well
so right under Texas primary
and let's see I forget the font size I want from lead
you know let's do 18 pixels.
Font size 18 pixels actually looks a little bit bigger than now it's 220
All right.
So font size 20 pixels for the lead class and hopefully guys understand what I mean by utility classes
I mean that these are just classes that will be will use throughout the site.
They're not specific to any specific area.
OK.
Like it's not specific to the showcase or to the now bar we can use them anywhere.
So let's go back down now to the showcase and the showcase paragraph.
Let's see you just want to see if we want to add anything to that.
Let's let's give that some padding bottom actually.
So grab this and put in paragraph or P and let's see.
Let's add padding dash bottom.
Say 20 pixels OK.
Just to push the button or the link down below and you know what.
Let's increase the line height a little bit to here hear we'll say line height for the paragraph.
Let's try one point five.
We'll do seven.
There we go.
All right.
So now let's move on to the link here.
Now this is gonna be another utility class because I want to be able to format links into buttons just
by using that Beatty in class that we added.
So we want to go up above here and go right under lead and let's say dot B10 and let's first of all
display it as an inline block
so save that.
There's gonna be no difference just by doing that.
But we don't want it to go all the way across like a block.
But we also don't want it to be in line.
So let's say font size.
We'll set that to 18 pixels make it a little bigger.
Let's set the color to white and let's set the background
backgrounds.
Gonna be three three three.
Obviously we need some padding here.
So for padding let's do 13 on the top and bottom.
And let's do 20 on the left and right.
Like that.
OK.
And I think the last thing let's make sure that there's no border on any browser.
So let's say border none
because we want to if we have buttons we want to be able to add this to the button as well.
OK.
And buttons by default have borders links don't but buttons do.
So now when we hover over this we get a pointer.
But again buttons do not if you use a button tag it doesn't.
And we want to be able to add this to those as well so let's make sure we do cursor pointer and then
we want to hover state.
We want it to be this color if we hover over it.
So let's actually copy this color this hexadecimal right here from text primary and let's say B.T. n
Cole and hover and let's set the background to that color and set the color of the text to dark and
save.
And now only hover over it.
We get that color.
All right.
So that's the showcase.
So now let's do the the home info section.
So this right here.
Meaning the the image in this part I'm calling home info and we want this to be a section.
So let's go below the header and you'll see a common theme throughout my projects I usually have a header
at the top and then every other part and the page is going to be a section up until the footer.
Then we'll use the HMO five footer tag.
So let's do section and I usually gives the sections an I.D. that describes them.
So I'm gonna call this home dash info.
All right.
And as far as naming conventions I like to use dashes when I use if I have more than one word inside
of an idea or a class I usually use a dash or a hyphen.
Some people we use underscores OK or some people will even use none.
It's all up to you.
Like I said I like to use dashes.
So inside here let's see I actually want the background of this whole thing to be dark and there's other
parts of the site where I'm going to want that as well so I actually think it's just the foot.
Yeah.
Right here.
So this part I want also to have dark and what I'm going to do is create a utility class called big
dark.
We're gonna have different background utility classes now doing stuff like this.
You don't have to I mean you could just style each individual element like home info with the background
dark and then when I get to this part I could target this and put background whatever triple three which
is the dark gray or we can have nice clean utility classes where if we have if we add onto the website
later if we add more pages we have that class available to us it's almost like using a framework but
it's like it's your own framework.
So I'm going to add a class of B G dash dark and then inside here we're going to need these two sections
or two I'm shouldn't shouldn't say sections with two areas we have one which is going to be an image
a background image and then one which is going to be this area with the text.
So let's go ahead and add in here.
Class of info.
Going to do class of info Dash.
I am G.
And then right under that not within it but under it.
We want to do a class of info dash content.
OK.
So this is the info I am G.
This is the info content and inside the content I'm going to use an H too.
And I'm going to say the experts put a span in here as well to expand with the class of text primary
because in that span we want the history.
So the history and then outside of the span will finish that we'll say of our hotel.
And by the way I know that this doesn't look that great.
It's because it's not.
This is not responsive it's somewhat responsive where we use the max width and stuff like that.
But later on when we talk about media queries and stuff we'll get more into building responsive Web
sites.
So after the H two we're gonna want this text right here which I'm not sure.
I think it's 40 or 40 but I'm not exactly sure so I'm going to copy the exact text and I'm going to
put it in a paragraph and you guys have the finished project in the in the first video of the section
as well.
If you want to copy anything.
All right and then under the paragraph if I make this bigger you'll see we actually have a read more
button here.
So let's go ahead and add a tag and let's do.
Class B10.
And again I want to be able to have we have different buttons this one's dark.
This one is light so I'm going to have it in the utility class of and light in addition to B10 so we
want to do that.
And then this is just going to go.
This will go to the about page as well.
It's not a big side to this.
We don't have too many options here.
And that should be it for the home info.
So if we save that and go back I forgot to put text in here that should say Read more.
And there we go.
All right.
Now let's let's start with the button.
So notice it has all the traits of this one because they both have the class of B10.
The only difference is I want this one to be light.
So we'll go back to our CSX and go up to where we have our Beatty in class and right under the Beatty
in class.
We're gonna do dot Beatty and dash light.
So we have a light version and we're going to set the background
to let's do hexadecimal f for three times and then set the color of the text to dark.
So now if I save that notice said it gets all the traits of the B10 meaning the padding the font size
all that stuff.
It just has a different color.
That should be three three three.
OK.
There we go.
And if we wanted to have a different hover color for the light we could have.
But I'm just going to keep it as is.
OK so now let's let's work on floating the image which we have we have yet but we're going to add a
background image to this div right here.
This info image we want that floated to the left and then we want info content to the right.
So let's go
down below showcase and let's say home info so home dash whips home dash info itself.
I'm gonna give this a height of 400 pixels and that should be all we need for the home info itself.
So for the image we want to do home dash in phone and we want to target the class of info Dash.
I am G and let's add.
Let's see first of all its float it to the left and we want it half and half.
So I'm going to do with 50 percent and then let's give it a background of U.R.L..
We want to go outside of the CSX folder into image and then we want the see we want photo 1 dot J Peg
let's put quotes around this
OK.
And then let's do no repeats.
And then we just want to set a mean height of 100 percent because we want the image to take up the whole
space.
So let's save that.
All right good.
So now let's do the content side.
So home info and we want info dash content and we want to float right.
We want to set the width to 50 percent.
I'm going to set the height to 100 percent and I want to align everything to the center.
So text a line to the center and let's add some padding.
So we'll do 50 top and bottom 30 left and right.
And then let's just do overflow hidden.
So if anything goes outside of it there's no scroll bars and save.
Good.
Now notice how the background is white because the BJP dark class is what's going to handle that.
The background color being dark.
So let's add that as a utility class.
So we're going to go up above here and let's go right here under the Beattie and light and do BJP dash
dark.
And let's say background and we'll set that to 3 3 3 and you want to set the color to be light to be
white.
Now while we're here we might as well add some of the other BJP classes because I want to be able to
do a background light and also a background primary.
Now the primary color in this is this tarnished color.
So I want to be able to have those as background.
So let's copy this and let's do BJP light and see BJP light will be f for.
We want to change the color to 3 3 3 and then BJP primary just like Texas primary up here we have Texas
primary.
So we want the background to be that color which is right here OK.
Now if I save this we get this background dark P.G. dark so the last thing I want to do here is the
the content info the paragraph I just want to add a little bit of padding to the bottom because you
see how close this is.
So I'm going to go back down.
Copy this.
And Cruz target the paragraph and just say patting bottom and let's say 30 pixels.
So that'll push it down and that's it.
There we go.
So this is starting to look pretty good and hopefully things aren't too confusing.
So we basically just have our header our header has our NAV bar and the showcase and then underneath
that we have our home info and then along the way we have some utility classes like Texas primary big
primary Beatty and Beatty and light.
Hopefully you can just kind of see how everything's coming together OK.
So in the next video we're going to work on the three boxes below and we're also going to start to look
at font awesome which is a fantastic service.
Very easy to use.
We just have to include a certain style sheet and then use some certain classes and we can get some
some nice icons.
All right so we'll see you in the next video.